It's from Kuroi.
Wh-What do we do?!
Kuroi has...
Kuroi has been...
There's always a chance
the worst could happen.
You're much faster than me,
so go on ahead! Hurry to Riko's side!
I'm sorry. This was my mistake.
Really?
I don't think this even counts as a mistake.
I underestimated how much our
enemies would value Kuroi-san.
Their next move
will probably be offering to
arrange an exchange for her.
Something like trading Amanai for Kuroi-san,
or saying they'll kill Kuroi-san
if we don't kill Amanai.
But we have the leverage in any
negotiations since we have Amanai.
As long as they set up
the location for the deal,
we can make it work out.
I'm taking Amanai back to Jujutsu High now.
We can have Shoko or someone
stand in as her body double.
I'm going to this deal, too!
I still can't trust you two yet!
Huh?! You're still saying
that after all this, you—
Even if you do manage to save her...
What if Kuroi isn't back before
I assimilate with Tengen-sama?
I haven't...
I haven't even said goodbye to her!
The kidnapper will reach
out to us eventually.
If they seem like they're
smarter than we expect,
and bringing you with us is likely to
hurt Kuroi-san's chance of survival...
then we will leave you behind.
All right. That works.
In exchange,
if you get scared partway through and
want to go home, we'll just ignore you.
Bear that in mind.
Mensore!
Protection Mission Day 2
Okinawa
Episode 27
Hidden Inventory 3
JUJUTSU KAISEN
Hidden Inventory/Premature Death
I can't believe I got captured
by the Star Religious Group,
and by a non-sorcerer at that.
I'm ashamed of myself.
You couldn't help it if they
caught you off-guard.
Part of the blame lies with me, too.
Was I really caught off-guard?
I thought I was on high alert
after the incident with Q.
Kuroi!
I still don't have much
recollection of being attacked.
And you all came here by plane?
Were you okay?
You weren't attacked?
Satoru has good eyes.
Before we took off, he checked over
all the passengers and staff,
as well as the inside
and outside of the plane.
And while we were in the air, I had
my cursed spirit keep watch outside.
It was safer than using a land route.
I'm more curious as to why
they designated Okinawa for the exchange.
Probably to buy time, right?
Even if they fail to kill Riko-sama,
they could keep her from making
tomorrow's full moon deadline.
If that were the goal,
they would choose a rural area
with poor transit infrastructure.
You don't think they're planning
to take over the airport, do you?
Maybe so.
But we'll be fine.
We're not the only ones who came here.
Clearly this isn't a mission
fit for a first-year.
I'm psyched, though!
I want to show off in front of Geto-san, too!
Besides, I hear our upperclassmen
are wearing themselves to the bone
to protect an innocent young girl!
So we have to give it our all, too!
If a typhoon rolls in and shuts down the
airports, our efforts will be for naught.
Sea cucumber, sea cucumber!
Gross! That's so gross!
Should we really be sightseeing like this?
Satoru's the one who suggested it.
He's probably showing consideration
for Riko-chan, in his own way.
Though it is getting close...
Satoru! It's time.
Oh, it's that time already?
Boo.
Suguru, let's head back
tomorrow morning instead.
But...
The weather's holding steady, right?
Besides...
there are fewer curse users in
Okinawa than there are in Tokyo.
Let's keep it a little more serious, Satoru.
It's better if the time limit on the bounty
runs out while we're mid-flight, right?
Satoru.
You haven't released your technique
since yesterday, have you?
You haven't slept, either.
And you don't plan to sleep tonight, do you?
Are you sure we don't need
to go back to Jujutsu High?
It's not a problem.
Playing through 99 years of MomoTetsu
was far more draining.
Besides, you're here, too.
Nanami, they said they're
extending their stay another day!
You think something happened?!
Good work, everyone.
We're inside Jujutsu High's barrier now.
What a relief.
Yes.
Satoru.
You really worked hard this time.
I never wanna get stuck
babysitting a brat again.
Huh?
Impossible!
We're inside Jujutsu High's barrier!
Have we met before?
Don't worry about it.
I'm terrible at remembering guys' names, too.
JUJUTSU KAISEN
I once went to see the brat born into
the Gojo clan with the Six Eyes on a lark.
Never before or after that
had anyone noticed me standing behind them.
That is why I wore him down...
until his senses dulled.
Satoru!
I'm fine.
I didn't make it in time with my
technique, but it missed my vitals.
I then strengthened myself
with cursed energy
so the blade couldn't be drawn out at all.
It was like passing a safety
pin through a knit sweater.
Seriously, I'm fine.
Prioritize Amanai first.
I'll deal with this guy.
Suguru, you two get her to Tengen-sama.
Satoru...
Be careful!
Let's go!
Right!
Who do you think you're talking to?
That's different from the
blade he stabbed me with.
And where did that
cursed spirit come from?
Too many unknowns, damn it!
The Star Plasma Vessel is gone.
I had hoped to take you down
with that earlier attack.
I guess I've gotten rusty.
The bounty on Amanai has already
been taken down, you idiot.
Because I took it down, prideful bastard.
When facing people
without openings like you,
you have to first create ups and
downs leading to several false goals.
I laughed when those Star Religious
Group men went to Okinawa.
It sucked that none of the
sorcerers around her died,
but if I hadn't set that
time limit on the bounty,
you wouldn't have released
your technique until the very end.
That so?
He's fast!
And not just that.
I knew there was something off about him!
He has zero cursed energy!
He has a Heavenly Pact
gifting him physical prowess!
I can't imagine anyone who knows
my technique coming without a plan.
Is that cursed tool your
precious trump card?
Sorry, but I won't let it get close!
Since he has no cursed energy,
I can't read his presence.
And I can't just rely on instinct.
There's that cursed spirit
wrapped around him.
I just need to follow its presence.
Even so, he's too damn fast!
Cursed Technique Amplification,
Maximum Output...
Blue!
Now there's no cover.
He can't launch surprise attacks.
Did he hide in the woods?
Are those...
Fly Heads?!
Was he keeping them inside
that cursed spirit?
So you're using Fly Heads like chaff.
Now I can't tell where he is.
He's created a blind spot.
I should use Blue again...
No, wait! He's after...
Amanai!
His intuition is keen enough
to sense me empty-handed.
There's no way your Six Eyes would overlook
the unusual cursed energy
oozing from this cursed tool.
Though that finally...
got you to focus on defense
with your technique.
The Special-Grade Cursed Tool,
Inverted Spear of Heaven.
Its effect is the forced release
of any active techniques.
I think...
I'm getting my edge back now.
Riko-sama.
This is as far as I go.
Riko-sama, please...
Please...
Kuroi, I love you!
I always have, and I always will!
Me, too!
I love you, too!
So this is...
Yeah.
We're in Tengen-sama's territory now.
This is the foundation of
the nation's key barriers,
The Main Hall of the Tombs of the Star.
Once you descend the stairs,
pass through the gate and continue
to the base of the big tree.
Then you'll be inside the special
barrier that's separate from
the barrier surrounding Jujutsu High.
Only those invited are able to enter it.
Tengen-sama will protect
you until the assimilation.
That...
or we can turn back around
and go home with Kuroi-san.
Huh?
When our teacher told us about this mission,
he called the assimilation "erasing."
He was trying to tell us to be aware
of how heavy a sin that was.
Our teacher may be a muscle-brain,
but he often does roundabout things.
Satoru and I already talked it
over before we met you.
What if the Star Plasma Vessel
brat refuses to assimilate?
Then... the assimilation's off!
Are you sure about that?
Huh?
It might mean fighting
Tengen-sama, you know.
You scared?
It's fine. It'll all work out somehow.
We are the strongest.
No matter what decision you make,
we will guarantee your future.
I have...
always been special,
since the day I was born.
Everyone kept telling me
that I was different.
Being special was normal to me,
and I've lived my life trying
to avoid danger
as much as possible
for the sake of this day.
I don't really remember the
day my mother and father died.
I no longer feel sad or lonely about that.
I figured everything would be fine,
even if I was taken away
from everyone and assimilated.
That no matter how hard it was,
it would stop feeling sad and lonely one day.
But...
Honestly...
I want to be with everyone longer!
I want to go to all kinds
of places with everyone!
I want to see all kinds
of things and do more!
Let's go home, Riko-chan.
Yeah!
Riko-chan?
Okay, job's done.
You're free to go now.
Why are you here?
Why?
Oh, that's what you mean.
Because I killed Gojo Satoru.
Is that so?
Die!
They say it's never too late
to start something,
but the bigger problem is always
when to quit, not when to start.
"Please look forward to the next
episode: Hidden Inventory 4!"
I can't even say that.